There are 2 distinct problems going on. 

The  DDC "Null Response" is a well formed DDC response from the monitor.  It's a bit of a catch-all, but basically it's the monitor saying that it can't handle the request for some reason.  Some monitors misuse this response to indicate an unsupported feature, instead of setting the unsupported feature bit in a normal getvcp reply.  What feature(s) did this fail for.  The environment command tests indicate that getvcp of feature x10 (brightness) succeeds.

The failure of DDC communication on /dev/i2c-6, which appears to be the monitor on the docking station, is a driver failure.  The docking station connectors are linked MST devices to one of the connectors on the laptop.  Normally, the docking station connectors are named "MST".  Sometimes a docking station device appears as a "phantom display" on the /dev/i2c device of the connector on the docking station.  Slave address x50  (EDID) works, but slave address x37 (DDC) is not.  The display you're seeing on /dev/i2c-6 is a phantom display. This is readily seen by looking at the output of i2cdetect, which indicates slave address x50 is responsive, but on slave address x37. 

/dev/i2c-7 appears to be the I2C device for the port on the docking station.  Its name is "MST", and i2cdetect indicates that both slave addresses x50 and x37 are responsive.  The algorithm used by detect to read the EDID from /dev/i2c-7 fails to read the EDID, so detect does not report the monitor.  The extended diagnostics of the environment command show that reading the EDID is sensitive to the read size used.  This is characteristic of MST devices.  However, what's unusual is that DDC communication also fails for this device.

Option "--edid-read-size 128" may allow the EDID on /dev/i2c-7 to be read.

Please run the following command "ddcutil detect --very-verbose" and submit the output.  If option "--edid-read-size 128" makes a difference, send the output both with and without the option.  

Next try issuing the command "ddcutil --bus 6 getvcp 10 --trcfunc ddc_i2c_write_read_raw
